Instructions for converting storage. (#5814)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/reference/storage/index.md

{% Details %}
{% DetailsSummary %}
💡 Can extensions use the Storage API?
{% endDetailsSummary %}

Even though extensions can use the [`Storage`][mdn-storage] interface (accessible from `window.localStorage`) in some contexts (popup and other HTML pages), it is not recommended for the following reasons:

- Extension's service worker cannot access `Storage`.
- Content scripts share storage with the host page.
- Data saved using the `Storage` interface is lost when the user clears their browsing history.

> Even though extension service workers can use `chrome.storage`, if need to move data, from the `Storage` interface to `chrome.storage` you'll need to use an [offscreen document][offscreen-document]. 

Reviewer: Starting this with "even though" made me expect something like "you shouldn't use this". Could we re-word maybe to just be like "If you previously used the Storage interface and need to migrate to extension storage..."?

Author: Also in a suggestions.

> Even though extension service workers can use `chrome.storage`, if need to move data, from the `Storage` interface to `chrome.storage` you'll need to use an [offscreen document][offscreen-document]. 

Author: ```suggestion
Extension service workers can use `chrome.storage`; however, moving data from the `Storage` interface to `chrome.storage` requires an [offscreen document][offscreen-document]. 
```

Reviewer: Thinking about this some more, this is a reference page and not a migration one, so I'm actually not sure that we should even have something about offscreen documents - I think it just adds confusion. If we do want it though I think we need to be more explicit about why we're suggesting it:

```suggestion
Extension service workers can use `chrome.storage` and in most cases, this is preferable. If you previously utilized `Storage` in an MV2 extension, and need to migrate data, you can use an [offscreen document][offscreen-document]. 
```

> Even though extension service workers can use `chrome.storage`, if need to move data, from the `Storage` interface to `chrome.storage` you'll need to use an [offscreen document][offscreen-document]. 

Author: ```suggestion
```
